feat: Create repository-level Coverage pages COV-256 (#1658)
codacy/docs: docs/coverage/repositories/commits.md

    -   **Diff coverage:** Code coverage of the coverable lines added or changed by the pull request, or `∅` (not applicable) if there aren't any coverable lines added or changed
{% endif %}

    !!! note
        Learn how Codacy calculates the code quality metrics in more detail:

        -   [Which coverage metrics does Codacy calculate?](../../faq/code-analysis/which-metrics-does-codacy-calculate.md#code-coverage)
        -   [Why does Codacy show unexpected coverage changes?](../../faq/code-analysis/why-does-codacy-show-unexpected-coverage-changes.md)

-   The **colors** depend on the [quality gate rules](../../repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-settings.md) for your repository:

    -   **Green:** The metric passes the quality gate
    -   **Red:** The metric fails the quality gate
    -   **Gray:** There aren't quality gate rules configured for the metric or the value doesn't impact the quality gate

<!-- vale off -->
![{{ page.meta.page_name.capitalize() }} quality overview](images/{{ page.meta.file_name }}-detail-coverage-overview.png)<!--TODO Update-->
<!-- vale on -->
<!--coverage-overview-end-->

<!--tab-files-start-->
## Files tab

> The **Files** tab displays the coverage variation that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} introduced to the files in your repository relative to the {% if page.meta.page_name == "commit" %}parent commit{% else %}target branch{% endif %}, displayed either as a **positive or negative variation**, or **no variation** (represented by `=`):
> 
> The option **Show also files without coverage changes** allows you to list all files that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} updated, even if their coverage didn't change.

Reviewer: Nitpicks for present tense 😅 

```suggestion
The **Files** tab displays the coverage variation that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} introduces to the files in your repository relative to the {% if page.meta.page_name == "commit" %}parent commit{% else %}target branch{% endif %}, displayed either as a **positive or negative variation**, or **no variation** (represented by `=`):

The option **Show also files without coverage changes** allows you to list all files that the {{ page.meta.page_name }} updates, even if their coverage doesn't change.
```

Author: Thanks, indeed it reads much better! :raised_back_of_hand: 

I also opened a separate pull request to apply these changes to the original pages: https://github.com/codacy/docs/pull/1677
